I'm pretty much done with the book. I have just about 10 pages left, which is on move semantics in various types and containers of the STL. I LOVED this book! And I will be keeping it as a refresher unless a second edition comes out. I'm honestly surprised Josuttis does not write more books. He's incredibly good at combining supportive graphical representations and examples, with incredibly detailed explanations.

I dove into this book after a very shallow introduction to move semantics. In my opinion, much of the move semantics section on learncpp does not actually encompass what goes into move semantics beyond examples of containers that use move semantics. As well, the first book I started reading (Discovering Modern C++(Gottschling)) didn't really go into move semantics beyond a brief few pages. So this was really a good thorough introduction to move semantics, along with implementation.

Chapter 5, Josuttis does not make the clear transition of a vector of Person's to a vector of strings in order to accomodate for the type return of getName(). I'm not really sure if it's expected for the reader to create these functions themselves, but a more clear representation would've been very helpful.

Chapter 8 goes into value categories, which I feel is a bit more prolonged than it should be. By chapter one we're already going into rvalue references, so it seems logical to introduce all the terminology and nuances early on to ensure clarity going forward. However, Josuttis does state that this is the most difficult chapter of the book, and I must agree. I think Josuttis does a very good job of explaining the value categories in a simple manner, while also paying respect to the amount of complexity that goes into the topic.

Nicolai Josuttis prefers the term "universal reference" which was coined by Scott Meyers in C++11 over "forwarding reference," however for C++14 the C++ Standards Committee decided that "forwarding reference" was a more accurate term as "universal reference" could misinterpret that as: A reference that can be used everywhere; or a reference that can be used for everying; or something similar. It's also not really a "reference" but a "set of rules for using references in a particular way in a particular context" according to the standard publication. Link: https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2014/n4164.pdf Although he does later go into the reason for this, and his disagreement for using forwarding over universal reference. However it seemed like when he was more arguing that it's confusing and that there's already more confusing terms in the C++ standard, however I'm not sure how that actually argues in favor of universal reference, rather it seems like an argument of "Well there's already X so we might as well do Y."

Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this book to anyone wanting to learn more about move semantics, or just wanting to learn more in depth detail about container optimization. While going through the book, I decided to write code along the way playfully/unorganized based off of what I was learning at the respective time.
https://github.com/Dappstr/MoveSemanticsPlayground/blob/main/main.cpp
