I've read the first edition of the book, and the book reads pretty decently and provides a good straight to the point example for the concepts it covers. However this is more of a book to use as a refresher or additional supplement to what one may've already learned in a C++ course. The book does not go into heavy detail about the concepts it talks about, it more provides an overview, code example, and way in which it can be useful or is used. Some sections get more attention than others. For example, move semantics is not really covered to the amount of detail where one would be well rounded with it, but this is not a book on move semantics, it's merely an overview of modern C++, so a book on move semantics (such as the one by Josuttis) would be a much more desired resource for that specific subject than this book.

	There are various sections that may not have much interest or do not yield much merit to various people, for example, there is a scientific projects chapter in this book that others may not find much use in, such as Runge-Kutta algorithms, calculation of trajectories, various mathematical and physics concepts, and et cetera. There were some pretty cool areas where code was used to express for example an algorithm used in the Mandelbrot set. But definitely this books comes from a perspective of science and mathematics for its examples.
	
	This book does introduce quite a bit of libraries as one of its strong suites being a broad overview of modern C++. There were definitely times reading where I was introduced to a container I didn't realize existed I would find useful or could see myself either using or just implementing myself as a bit of practice. I don't have any plans on buying the second edition because I do have a book for C++17 and C++20 respectively, as this book moreso introduces concepts that are "supposedly" (at that time) going to be in C++17 and an example of how to use them, but that was where it ended. I'll possibly look into getting the 3rd edition if one ever comes out.
