My goal for reading this book was to gain more knowledge about core C++ features. My reason for such a task was to either solidify things I've already learned through learncpp, or to learn more things that learncpp didn't teach. I read chapters 1 through 21. I skipped chapters 21 and 22 because it had more to do with programming strategies related to classes and I already have some more up to date books going over such topic(s). I also skipped chapters 23 through 28 because I have more books going over templates and template metaprogramming in better detail. I wanted to learn at least one thing per chapter and I feel I succeeded in that. I got inspired by Jason Turner who read the third edition cover to cover. This book definitely is dense with information. I learned more about casting (specifically dynamic and reinterpret casting). I didn't know that unions could contain methods or needed explicit members (such as the constructor and/or destructor) declared for members that have non-trivial constructors or destructors. I also didn't know about placement new before reading this book, which seems really helpful if you're working with raw unions over std::variant's. The book also helped solidify some things I forgot about linkage relating to internal and external linkage of functions and variables. I learned more relating to exceptions (like being able to rethrow exceptions, or being able to point to any current exception through std::exception_ptr and std::current_exception). I learned a bit more about iterators and tag dispatch although it's still a bit foreign to me. I got some more practice learning about object slicing which was already taught through learncpp but the book helped solidify understanding why it happens and possible solutions for it. This book also helped me understand Short/Small String Optimization a bit more. It was a concept first brought up when I read Nicolai Josuttis's "Move Semantics" book, but it was never discussed in detail nor the implementation of it. Inline namespaces were also introduced to me through this book and definitely seems helpful relating to version control. All in all, this was a very helpful book, in spite of it being outdated by about 10 years, it helped solidify and introduce more core C++ features to me.
